update remote requirements (#51)
metalbear-co/mirrord.dev: content/docs/overview/quick-start.md

mirrord runs on your local machine and in your Kubernetes cluster.

#### Local Requirements

> - MacOS (Intel, Silicon) and Linux (x86_64) are supported for the local machine. Windows users can use mirrord using WSL (IDE plugins supported as well)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MacOS (Intel, Silicon) and Linux (x86_64) are supported for the local machine. Windows users can use mirrord using WSL (IDE plugins supported as well).
```

- kubectl needs to be configured on the local machine.

#### Remote Requirements

> - Kubernetes cluster

Reviewer: I'd remove this

> - Docker or Containerd runtime (containerd is most common) - We can support more, please let us know if you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Docker or containerd runtime (containerd is the most common). If you'd like support for other runtimes to be added, please let us know by [opening an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/issues/new?assignees=&labels=enhancement&template=feature_request.md).
```
